_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a first-year PhD student at Tufts University, advised by Professor Saeed Mehraban and Professor Vladimir Podolskii. My research is in computational complexity theory with a focus on quantum complexity. Lately I have been thinking about weak (near-term) models of quantum computation, specifically low-depth circuits and noisy circuits. I am also interested in Hamiltonian complexity. I previously received a BS in Mathematics and Computer Science and an MS in Computer Science from Tufts University.

### Publications
- D. Jacobs, S. Mehraban, "The Space Just Above One Clean Qubit", \[To be presented at TQC 2025, [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.08051)\]

{% comment %}
### Conferences/Workshops Attended
- [7th Eastern Great Lakes (EaGL) Theory of Computation Workshop](https://www.cs.rochester.edu/u/shossei2/eagl2024website/index.html) (presented poster)
- [Frontiers in Complexity Theory: A Graduate Workshop](http://dimacs.rutgers.edu/events/details?eID=2785)
{% endcomment %}

Commit message:

added equality and codes paper

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a first-year PhD student at Tufts University, advised by Professor Saeed Mehraban and Professor Vladimir Podolskii. My research is in computational complexity theory with a focus on quantum complexity. Lately I have been thinking about weak (near-term) models of quantum computation, specifically low-depth circuits and noisy circuits. I am also interested in Hamiltonian complexity. I previously received a BS in Mathematics and Computer Science and an MS in Computer Science from Tufts University.

### Publications
- D. Jacobs, J. Jeang, V. Podolskii, M. Prior, I. Volkovich, "Communication Complexity of Equality and Error Correcting Codes", \[In submission, [ECCC](https://eccc.weizmann.ac.il/report/2025/068/)\]
- D. Jacobs, S. Mehraban, "The Space Just Above One Clean Qubit", \[To be presented at TQC 2025, [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.08051)\]

{% comment %}
### Conferences/Workshops Attended
- [7th Eastern Great Lakes (EaGL) Theory of Computation Workshop](https://www.cs.rochester.edu/u/shossei2/eagl2024website/index.html) (presented poster)
- [Frontiers in Complexity Theory: A Graduate Workshop](http://dimacs.rutgers.edu/events/details?eID=2785)
{% endcomment %}
